feat(docs): add gcp compute engine traces documentation (#724)
SigNoz/signoz.io: data/docs/gcp-monitoring/compute-engine/tracing.mdx

---
date: 2024-07-27
id: tracing
title: Compute Engine APM & Tracing
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

## Overview

> This documentation provides a detailed walkthrough to send the Google Compute Engine logs directly to SigNoz. By the end of this guide, you will have a setup that automatically sends your Compute Engine logs to SigNoz.

Reviewer: It should be traces instead of logs.

| Region | Endpoint |
| --- | --- |
| US |	ingest.us.signoz.cloud:443 |
| IN |	ingest.in.signoz.cloud:443 |
| EU | ingest.eu.signoz.cloud:443 |

Step 7: Run the NodeJS applicaiton using the following command:

```
OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_HEADERS="signoz-access-token=<SIGNOZ_INGESTION_KEY>" node -r ./tracing.js app.js
```

`SIGNOZ_INGESTION_KEY` is the API token provided by SigNoz. You can find your ingestion key from SigNoz cloud account details sent on your email.

The application is now up and running on port 8080.

### Open up the port on Compute Engine instance

In order to invoke the application, we need to open the port 8080 on the Compute Engine instance.

- On the GCP console, navigate to the Compute Engine page. Click on the instance where the NodeJS application is running.
- Scroll down to the `Network interfaces` section, and click on the network interface name.
- From the left side navigation menu, click on `Firewall`. On the Firewall Policies page, click on **CREATE FIREWALL RULE** button at the top.
- Put an appropraite name for the firewall rule, say `port-8080`, and an appropriate description.

> - In the `Targets` dropdown, you can select `All instances in the network`, and in the `Source IPv4 ranges` textbox, put `0.0.0.0/0`. This will allow ht eincoming requests from any host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the `Targets` dropdown, you can select `All instances in the network`, and in the `Source IPv4 ranges` textbox, put `0.0.0.0/0`. This will allow the incoming requests from any host.
```
